and besides of this I am going to climb
the Kilimanjaro in September in one day
in one day in shorts with 32 people and
this is an absolute exercise of the
power of the breath and I think you're
ready to do it what you want me to climb
Kilimanjaro in shorts in one day and 32
other people showing the world that we
can defy the existent paradigm of what a
human body is capable of so what I said
when we climbing Kilimanjaro in
September what we can do we do is that
what slip is the preparation like a week
of preparation a day of preparation and
what are we doing or we expect we're
doing the breath technique and then how
are we working with cold or are we
exposing ourselves to cold cold plunges
cold showers well we how are we building
up to the point where me a person who
frankly doesn't like getting out of bed
he's gonna climb Kilimanjaro in a pair
of presumably very small shorts yes I
think you are ready doing the training
you're already into it I can I can sense
I can see I have seen you I've
experienced you you're ready you're
ready to go if it's like if your house
is on fire you run fast you don't think
and this the Kilimanjaro is like not
thinking just doing it it goes step by
step I call it the the project is called
airavata airavata that is masai for step
by step if you just stick your mind to
the one step and another step and
another step then you are getting to the
top all right you don't get into the
concept this is very similar to what a
carto says is that even if you are
spending the rest of your life in prison
you are not in prison for the rest of
your life in this moment in this moment
are in a room so like when I was like I
went on a run this morning as a matter
fact and during the run I suppose the
thing well actually it was a bit better
I was running with my friend Jenny who
I'm doing the podcast with and because
she's faster than me and may I say
probably 15 years younger I like I had
to run a bit faster and that took me out
of my mind more it took me out of my
mind and really I suppose the resistance
on a run comes from oh god when's this
run going to be over when will this run
end I don't like this feeling I want
this feeling to end and much of my
psychosis and neurosis comes from that
kind of thinking if I could just get
into that you know this step now this
step this step now this step letting go
of the concepts of the future and the
memories of the past
the conceptual minders are manic are
tall cause it I think that that would be
liberating so you climb Mount
Kilimanjaro one step at a time that's
the only way to climb it huh yes
especially when you're going to confront
yourself with the elements of nature
which is the height the altitude plus
cold in the end from 5,000 meters up
it's going to be colder really colder
about we all will be able to do it and
with that we show and that we are
defying existence physiology
physiological loss as stated by stated
by a scientific medical community and
history we will show that we are able to
enter into the atomic processes of
making white cells and red cells and
with that we will show so much more
because in the fight against disease you
need to be able to voluntarily generate
white cells and this is unknown to the
world but we will show that we are doing
just that and we will show it
spectacularly by going with people even
people women of 56 are even there and
they had no prior
experience a mountaineering but they are
determined they use the power of the
mind and power of the mind is the innate
capacity to be the master or within
yourself to be the alchemist and to go
along without fear accomplishing
whatever comes within your mind that is
not craziness it is outside the box and
it is possible and nowadays we need to
think outside of the box because disap
Andy me Pandey mia's they will come more
and it shows that we are able to go to
the moon with the rocket and back and
safe but we can and we can kill all the
elephants and all the lions but we will
be killed by little viruses we cannot
even see so whereas I will control we
will show that our control is able to
defy all physiological stated medical
scientific laws so that's what we are
going to do this is amazing I was
speaking to Gable Matt a the doctor and
addiction specialist very great man as a
matter of fact recently on the podcast
and he was talking about how like South
Sea Islanders are able to navigate using
their awareness of the currents in the
water there are awareness of astronomy
their awareness of certain birds flight
patterns and the movement of fish all
these things operate as a kind of
compass and gobble mat I was saying
about how these these are all qualities
that any human being has innately and
could learn that we have forgotten and
while he was talking about that I
remembered what I heard on dan callings
histories about Genghis Khan's army how
from on horseback in full pelt
full gallop they could fire bow and
arrows accurately you know they had that
I thought my god the abilities these
people must have had and we are these
people and when I remember before when
we were speaking about exposure to the
cold like my own personal experience of
it before knowing anything about your
technique
was I remember getting in very cold
water and feeling my body gabiru
like that and recognizing it was trying
to awaken a system within itself there
is doorman and we've become these
sedentary creatures imprisoned and
hypnotized in front of screens with
these great latent capacities primarily
because it suits powerful interests for
us to remain as kind of blobs on sofas
you know so in this time of pandemic
this time where we've been you know and
you know without being glib about the
many people suffering and the many
people suffering medical and financial
trauma as a result of this many of us
are also being granted an opportunity
for real introspection real yogic
journeying real practicing our
excellence awakening aspects of
ourselves that have been dormant because
we have been prisoners of comfort
prisoners of monotony monotony and it is
we are mesmerized by television and
advertisement and our schooling which in
the end is only serving to get to become
another stone in the wall pain floored
you know the brick in the wall and
that's it you know the human brain is
only flourishing if it neuron or
neurologically is keeps on growing
within the disk all until it dies we are
into expanding neurology expanding
consciousness the perception until we
die and what do we do we make somebody a
carpenter or a doctor or this and then
for life long they have to do all are
always the same patterns that is killing
the neurological normal natural
development within that is killing
sanity so we have to get to sanity cause
Pandey Mia's viruses of what the neuro a
neurological I found affecting us the
ill
magnetic devices we all got we have to
make we cannot live with the old
paradigm no more it is not able to defy
to confront itself with the existent
hazards the wolf is gone but the iPhone
is there
the wolf is gone and and and the
radioactivity is there and and the
viruses and those are more dangerous
than the dinosaurs and the Tyrannosaurus
because you cannot see them and and the
people are existent right now who are in
control it's through the old paradigm we
can break that paradigm in a day but we
have to show like people like yourself
and me we have been gone out of the box
and we found new directions and we will
keep on going and showing through our
podcasts hey guys there is there is a
way out and it's exciting and once you
become excited of life again is because
the sanity gets back
the neurological natural development
gets back and you feel it and that is
the basis for health for happiness and
for strength for energy to flow instead
of to be narrowed down like a little
deer in a little cage that's not us the
you're obviously pretty optimistic I
mean even the fact that you're planning
a mountaineering trip to Kilimanjaro in
September with me in your shorts suggest
that you think that the pandemic is
gonna you know resolve right you feel
pretty positive about that you don't
think that this is the end of days
I don't it's a virus and a virus though
they don't know it like the SARS and
immerse and now it's a corona virus
where there's sort of the same stamp it
will take it's a panda Mia but I see the
government's right now No
America and Trump you who wants to get
the economy again gold and China is
doing the same so they will find ways to
to to get a control over the panda mia
over the Panda Mia because there is more
interest in having the economy ago not I
hope not I hope it all stops and people
begin to think and we got a change from
within there is there a different patrol
within us that enables us to tackle this
from our innate capacities yes or no I
say yes but it needs that stop it needs
us to stop in the whole world I'm
actually happy that the whole economy
stopped I'm happy with that I'm finally
when when Australia was on fire just
recently and the more than a billion
animals died nobody gives a when
Amazon is on fire nobody gives a
when the tsunami is going and there and
there and there corals are bleaching
nobody gives a
some people say something but they're in
general everything keeps on going
sodomizing the planet polluting the
planet exploiting it and people staying
insensitive they are staying like blobs
and that block thing we gotta take that
out of them we gotta take this helmet
this block out of them and show them
that there is life happening and that it
is beautiful yeah man that's good stuff
wim HOF that's good stuff so what what
can be do you have like and we talk
through a little coronavirus survival
kit for our under the skin listeners
what should be the you know for those
people that are you know not under
immediate financial or medical threat
what kind of house would they what
techniques should they be using what
would you suggest me personally I'm
doing the meditation
I'm doing the breath work you know I'm
doing exercise I recognize I'm fortunate
because I'm not in immediate financial
peril and I'm not an immediate medical
peril and those people should do what
they need to do and you know they can
consult whoever they need to but for
people that are interested in using this
as an opportunity for spiritual growth
what what do you reckon we should do and
can you if not bulletproof yourself from
coronavirus can you use these methods to
make yourself give yourself greater
endurance absolutely we are shown this
and once again evidence-based we have
shown how to influence into the image
immune system this is what you want not
only when the coronaviruses go ongoing
but also when it ends and when it stops
then still we are able to get into our
innate immune system and learn to
control and prevent disease from coming
in and that is through these techniques
they spike and boost our immune system
the immune system therefore or then then
becomes much sharper it knows how to
detect a virus or bacteria much earlier
and then without fear and without
without fever
I mean without fever inflammation and
and thus without fear you can do these
techniques and this is learning how to
boost your immune system and it takes a
cold shower in the morning you have to
go into the shower anyway and doing the
breathing
how long you gonna be in the cold shower
for what how long how long how long and
if you go stay in the cold for you begin
with 30 seconds but very soon in a
couple of days you will go in for one
minute one minute and a half two minutes
if you do two minutes that that clear
creates an absolute boost of the immune
system and that's what you want because
then the immune system is much sharper
it knows how to detect virus and
bacteria
much earlier
and the breathing creates a lot more
energy and it purifies the person in the
deepest of tissue that's what you want
if you have a problematic life anxiety
you have no money and therefore you get
depressed do this breathing do this
the cold shower you become resourceful
you get you feel you've got so much more
peace with it and you got so you are
more resourceful and you got more energy
you just feel great can we can you give
me a refresher on the breath then wim
for me and for anyone lissa can you do
it demo it so that I can I can do a
round with yes all right yeah there we
go
are you relaxed stay attend ask yourself
are you relaxed yes all right
so anybody relax because the relaxed
body is able to take on oxygen in the
tissue if it is stands that it's not
possible so make sure you are relaxed
let it go let it go
even in your thoughts let it go let it
go it's not important here we go we just
follow the breath feel the breath and
mind about the breath alone there we go
take a boolean as you guys are able to
see me or you don't need to see me yeah
you have a ballet you have a chest and
move it fully in means belly out then
the chest and then you let it go
I say fully and then you let it go
so not fully out but fooling you let it
go Julian let it go Fuli let it go Fuli
let it go feel light-headed tingling
anything that you feel is different
fully and letting go fully and anything
that is different
breathe into it it's all alright make it
stronger fool yeah there we go let it go
the breath is the vital force of life
fool yeah let it go fool in letting go
fool in letting go slowly letting go
lightheaded loosen the body all right
fool in let it go 10:04 yay
let it go fool in let it go fooled in
let it go slowly let it go fool in we
will do 75 seconds without and in the
lungs after three breaths fooling
letting go boolean letting go Fuli
let it go here comes the last one fully
air and let it go and stop relax witness
this is alchemy you are the alchemist
animals do not do this
this is consciousness now this
consciousness will go in all the parts
of your body in all the cells it's
electromagnetic neurotransmitters just
by being relaxed we are opening up now
the deepest part of the brain the brain
stem the old animalistic brain because
we are not breathing but we are in
consciousness that's what the brainstem
doesn't know so it opens up it is in the
part of the emotions primordial the
purpose of life it's all there it's
opening up it's connecting through the
will because we are doing this
consciously with the deepest part of the
brain connected there we are as simple
as it is we have shown this and brain
scans and in five seconds we breathe
fully in and hold to one full ian's hold
squeeze it to your head it's nice is
bringing blood flow to the part of the
brain normally deprived of blood flow
five four three two one let it go there
we are
this is a simple technique anybody can
do and this will ignite epinephrine and
a pen a friend ignites the innate immune
system directly it becomes a lot sharper
it heals and prevents from virus and
bacteria
oh well yeah I feel good man that's
another thing it's a get high on your
own supply